
Please answer the following question only using context given below.



```



CONTEXT:



High-level takeaways





Local Link Building remains one of the top factors to implement in any Local SEO Strategy. Whether you're a brick-and-mortar or service area business, the quality and relevancy of your links play a huge role in improving your overall visibility and rankings.

In general, two dominant types of approaches toward link-building will be noticed in many instances. 



Approach 1 focuses on gathering reviews and citations for Local Map Pack visibility, which is a good but not the ultimate approach. Having links also point to your location page/pages or other relevant pages on your website that correspond well to the backlink is extremely important. 



Approach 2 focuses on acquiring as many highly-authoritative links as possible, which is a valuable approach; however, the most critical element to watch for when building backlinks is the links' relevancy element. Other elements to keep in mind are link diversity, quantity, and anchor texts. 



Getting a link from an influential and relevant website that doesn't have a very high DA is extremely valuable for local businesses and, at the same time, easier to acquire. 



```



Q: Is it best to get links from high DA websites? e/



No, it is not necessarily best to get links from high DA websites. While links from high DA websites can be beneficial, it is also important to focus on obtaining links from relevant websites, regardless of their DA. Additionally, link diversity, quantity, and anchor texts should also be considered when building backlinks. Finally, it can be beneficial to acquire links from influential and relevant websites that don't have a very high DA, as they can be easier to acquire.



Potential Title: “Local Link Building (Buying) Guide”



Or



A Comprehensive Guide to Local Link Building Strategies





Local Link Building remains one of the top factors to implement in any Local SEO Strategy. Whether you're a brick-and-mortar or service area business, the quality and relevancy of your links play a huge role in improving your overall visibility and rankings.

In general, two dominant types of approaches toward link-building will be noticed in many instances. 



Approach 1 focuses on gathering reviews and citations for Local Map Pack visibility, which is a good but not the ultimate approach. Having links also point to your location page/pages or other relevant pages on your website that correspond well to the backlink is extremely important. 



Approach 2 focuses on acquiring as many highly-authoritative links as possible, which is a valuable approach; however, the most critical element to watch for when building backlinks is the links' relevancy element. Other elements to keep in mind are link diversity, quantity, and anchor texts. 



Getting a link from an influential and relevant website that doesn't have a very high DA is extremely valuable for local businesses and, at the same time, easier to acquire. 





Why Are Links So Important?



Why would links influence ranking positions? Well, this is strongly related to the fact that Google understands a backlink as a strong indicator of Expertise, Authority, and Trustworthiness as it shows that others and especially users have seen the content published as valuable, trustworthy, and informative, that's why they have linked and referenced that content. And it does make sense. 



To understand the correlation between Google's ranking position and the number of referring domains, we have also done numerous tests to come back to the same results: links still play a massive role in moving the needle in the right direction. 



The same applies to both, Organic and Local results. Since the Local Pack algorithm is tied to the Organic algorithm, link building is one of the tactics that can help with better rankings organically in SERPs and Maps. However, there are some differences in the weight that each link type has in influencing better rankings in Maps vs. SERPs.



To build the appropriate links to influence better-ranking results, you must first consider the content, types of anchors to utilize, and the types of links to build. Then, to go further, always make sure to reference your competition for the keywords, pages, and types of links you would want to look into building.



For anchors, we start by analyzing the current link graph and understanding the types of anchors behind those links in order to come up with the right ratio.



You generally want to have a balanced mix between the following anchor texts:





Exact match 

Partial match 

Brand 

Generic



The anchor analysis will allow you to map out the types of anchors you will need to work on and how much each anchor will need to be pushed.

Next, check the types of links you have and understand what links, diversity, and quantity you need more of. Make a systematic plan that will enable proper execution in terms of outreach and general link-building efforts.
