Custom Signals include brand mentions and links created in parity with the competitor research that will help your brand further stand out.





Do-Follow News Links establish authority by having brand mentions in regional and national news sites like ABC, NBC, and Fox.





Premium Local Press Releases bring authoritative links and brand mentions to boost your traffic, brand awareness, and exposure. Our Premium Press Releases include DoFollow links and Google News Verified links.





Social Fortress Accounts boost digital brand building and establish top-tier brand profile links.





Social Power Up Links maximize the power of your social accounts.





Top Level Business Citations quickly establish brand authority mentions based on your region. 





Premium Guest Post Links build the link profile for your brand, boosting brand awareness and overall authority. For more impact in niche and authority, also get niche guest posts.

Brand Features





Bio Entity Stacks help optimize Google's Knowledge Graph for your brand and highlight the relationships between entities. Links the shared entities and combines with Domain Authority Stacking (DAS), linking multiple layers of sites together to pass authority to your money site and boost brand visibility. 



Other Brand Links:

Unstructured Citations

Infographics

Wiki Links

Patch Featured Articles



Links for Creating and Boosting Geo Relevancy



Local Business Listings

Local Points and News of Interest

Custom Signals

Local Blog Promotion

Local Events and Tiered Event Links

Local Guest Blog Posting

Local Infographic

Local Image Usage Outreach

Local Scholarships

Local Sponsorships

Microsites

Tiered Links to Existing Local Links

GPS Listing Citations

Patch Events

Paid Listings





Links for Creating and Boosting Niche Relevancy



Niche Specific Listings

Press Releases

Social Bookmarks

Niche Guest Posts

Niche Placements

Targeted Media Outreach links

Paid Listings and Posting





Tiered Links for Boosting the Effectiveness of the 3 Link Categories Above



These links are best for boosting Guest Posts, Niche Links, Brand Profiles, and Citations.





Do-Follow News Links are also part of this strategy and are perfect for boosting your guest posts by having authoritative mentions on news sites like ABC, NBC, Fox, and more.





Social Power Up Links are excellent for interlinking to your social accounts by using social hubs and then continuing to boost them with Tier 2 Budget Links.







More Links for Map Rankings





Custom Signals again because these are competitor-based links and branded NAP mentions in local and niche directories that improve your Local ranking results.





Authority Link Boost is designed to increase the authority of your location pages and your top brand profiles that, in turn, also increase the prominence of your GBP listing.





Branded Authority Links double as unstructured citations and NAP listings and include Map Embeds for additional local relevancy. 





Geo and Niche Networks are quality web 2.0 and brand profiles optimized for your required geo-location and niche, including NAP sections and Map Embeds.





Tier 2 Links and Tiered 2 with Map Embed Links are used for boosting branded profiles and citations to help with indexation and local prominence.





Summary

Local Link Building is one of the most important and challenging factors of your overall Local SEO Strategy. Careful consideration is required to create a link graph that will improve your visibility and ranking in SERPs for your localized terms and in the Local Map Pack. You don't want to send the wrong signal to Google by building too many or too few of the same types of links, and especially not by using the same type of anchor text. 



In general, you will need all types of links mentioned in this guide to have an integrated, comprehensive approach to your strategy and rankings. However, obtaining a specific group of backlinks at one particular time is also possible. For example, if you need more brand authority, there are a few options to work on improving that. Likewise, if it's niche relevancy you need help with, there are also options to improve it if that is a more convenient approach for you at a specific time. 



However, working on getting brand, niche, and geo-relevant links and boosting those links with several tiered links month over month will help establish your relevancy and prominence and gain faster results.







CTA

With our Monthly GBP Local SEO Campaign packages, you get all the different types of links mentioned above for your GBP Listing and Location Page/Pages every month for an integrated approach. 



Depending on the location you are targeting, which directly influences the competition level, you have a breakdown of the package levels suitable for the population size and competition strength of your target area. 



Each level requires the right amount of links to move the needle in the desired direction. And having a white-label SEO partnership to fulfill your Local SEO needs is particularly helpful, especially when you need more time and resources on your side.




