Google’s Updates About the Importance of Link Building

Here's Googe's Documentation and what is said there about links:



-Google finds pages through links from other pages. 



And according to recent Google updates: "First, backlinks as a signal have a lot less significant impact than when Google Search first started many years ago. We have robust ranking signals, hundreds of them, to make sure that we can rank the most relevant and useful results for all queries."



Also: "Chances are, there are a number of sites that cover topic areas similar to yours. Opening up communication with these sites is usually beneficial. Hot topics in your niche or community could spark additional ideas for content or building a good community resource."

Plus, on a recent poll on Twitter, 44.3% of voting SEOs agree that Link Building is as effective as it always was.



Therefore, the quantity and quality of links still play a huge role in indicating how valuable and important your site is for rankings. Your linking patterns help Google understand your site. Beyond only rankings, it is also the best method for Google to discover web-pages.



With all this in mind, planning out your link and anchor strategy stays at the top of your SEO and Local SEO efforts. 



This brings us to the next section to determine the types of links to look for when building your Local SEO link graph.





Types of Links to Build for Your Local SEO Strategy



Generally, we are going to break down types of local links into four main categories, with each category having its own group of links that they belong to.



Brand Authority 



Brand authority is the factor that will determine your position within your industry. It is an earned trust that will only be given to you if you perform continuously to gain it. It will either profess you an average business or a household name and expert source in your niche. 



Geo Relevancy



Geo-relevancy allows Google to connect and understand that your website is relevant for a specific location and display results for searchers for those particular locations. Google aims to show users relevant results, and acquiring geo-relevant backlinks will make the difference in understanding your relevancy to the geographical location.



Niche Relevancy



Niche-relevancy means that your website and listing are relevant to your industry. Niche-relevancy pertains to and fulfills searchers' intent. Niche-relevant backlinks will be your golden ticket toward increasing rankings as they help Google understand what your website and content are all about.



Tiered Links



Tiered links boost and help with the trustworthiness and authority of the links mentioned in the three categories above. They are added here as a specific category because they are not the most substantial standing on their own but are very powerful when added to any of the link categories above. Plus, they do help with indexation.



Link Factors to Consider

Link factors to consider before you begin acquisition for a better natural link graph.

CITATION FACTORS

Accuracy

Distribution

Quality

Relevance



For both Structured and Unstructured Citations.

2. LINK FACTORS

Domain Authority 

Page Authority

Quantity

Relevance

Diversity

Link Anchor Text



For both Internal and Inbound Links.





